Psalm 83 a Tsar a psalm of Asaph do not
keep silent Oh God
do not hold your peace and do not be
still Oh God
for behold your enemies make a tumult
and those who hate you have lifted up
their head they have taken crafty
counsel against your people and
consulted together against your
sheltered ones they have said come and
let us cut them off from being a nation
that the name of Israel may be
remembered no more where they have
consulted together with one consent they
form a confederacy against you the tents
of Edom and the Ishmaelites Moab and the
hag rights gable Amman and amalek
Philistia with the inhabitants of Tyre
Assyria also has joined with him they
have helped the children of lot deal
with them as with Midian as with Sisera
as with Jabin at the brook fashion who
perished at Endor but became as refuse
on the earth make their nobles like Arab
and like Zia it's all their princess
like zebah and zalmunna who said let us
take for ourselves the pastures of God
for a possession
oh my god make them like the whirling
dust like the chaff before the wind
as the fire burns the woods and as the
flame sets the mountains on fire
so pursue them with your tempest and
frighten them with your storm fill their
faces with shame that they may seek your
name Oh Lord
let them be confounded and dismayed
forever yes
let them be put to shame and perish that
they may know that you whose name alone
is the Lord are the most high over all
the earth
you